hello thank you for watching and
covering Oklahoma with Miss Tascha for
this next segment we're visiting
greatest the ultimate disco music bar so
follow me as we uncover what's behind
this doors so Michael you're the general
manager here at gravis can you tell us a
little bit more about this club I give a
little bit of the history of the club
the owner bought the club originally in
1975 he converted it to a disco used to
be located in the Crossroads apartment
complex across the street from Barnes &
Noble we were located there until April
of 2000 and that's when we moved over to
this location he bought this building
and converted it and we've been doing
quite well here since then ADIS music
you can be bad so yes we've been a disco
club since the very beginning actually
opened when disco was popular the first
time and then we've been playing the
same music since then can you tell us a
little bit about what kind of people
come to the club or if they're our first
comers you know what can they expect to
find out here well that's one of the
really fascinating parts about our club
is that our club really caters to
everyone and anytime you come here it is
one of the biggest cross sections of the
population that you'll ever see I mean
everybody from 21 to 70 years old is
here having fun you you know people that
were in their 70 unit were 21 in theirs
in the 1970s when the club first open
and they really like you know disco
music well those people are older now
they still really like the same kind of
music so we get a lot of that crowd in
and then a lot of the younger people
really enjoy the type of music you know
that's one of the neat things is that
when people come here is they always
know all the words to all the songs you
know isn't that so strange I myself come
here quite often and I catch myself
dancing and singing along why do you
think this the music will never die it's
it's good fun music you know it comes
out you know P you can dance to it you
can have fun and it just it won't die
people said just go died well it hasn't
it's all I've been well here
where we started shooting the interview
I wanted to ask you about some of the
strange stories you know when you're a
bartender and a general manager and
you're running a club you see a lot of
things so tell me a little bit let me
take about serious understand we think
of a story that I can tell that you guys
can publish on the story come back on
this promise with one mission we think
of a crazy story I know you guys get a
lot of bachelorette parties here and we
get tons of kind of a funny story one
time we had a bachelorette party come
into the club one time and they came in
early and asked if they could bring in a
male stripper and so we had about
twenty-five or thirty ladies that are
out on the dance floor and they had a
gentleman come in dressed as a police
officer and he came in and he started
courting the ladies asked him if there
had their IDs on them and he had me
bring in a CD and then at a certain time
he looked back at we started the CD so
we have a gentleman that's standing in
the in the middle of the dance were the
young ladies on the chair and they start
playing poisons talk dirty to me and he
whips off all of his clothes everything
so he's basically standing pretty much
you know naked in the middle of the
dance floor
and two gentlemen walk in the door and
they walk in and they stop and all they
can see is this basically naked man
standing in the middle of the dance
floor and they get this shocked look on
their face and they walked slowly up to
the bar and ago has there been a format
change here I said no it's a it's a
stripper for a for a bachelor party like
oh okay that's a good deal so he
finished up and he left and then the
people start falling in after that but
it was a it was kind of a funny
situation
yes oh I found one and Jamie dancing on
the dance floor here at curvy so I
grabbed them and took them outside to
ask him few quick questions why do you
come to a venue for you to come and have
serious dancing you know most persons
they get really crowded and people just
on the dance floor drunken bumping on
them to their foot Thursday nights is a
good night because people just come to
they love to dance and we just come to
have our self expression of dance no
self-expression dance Jamie you oh yes I
come on mainly because I practiced salsa
and some ballroom dances and I can do
that here and it's environment and it's
a nice central location great well thank
you very much guys and I'll let you go
aim keep dancing and burning that dance
floor down so Michael can you tell me
how people can get here yes I can we're
located off of Northwest Expressway in
May on Mosteller Avenue and if you're
coming traveling west on Northwest
Expressway you take a ride at the sonic
when you get to the stop sign you look
to the left and you can see our neon
sign out front if you're coming off of
May Avenue when you get to United
founders Boulevard you go west when
there's two banks on the corner there's
the IBC and the Bank of America you go
west into the stop sign and we get to
the stop sign you're looking at the
front of the cloud we're open Wednesday
night from 8:00 until 12:00 we're open
Thursday night from 8:00 until close
which is we turn on the lights about
1:30 and same with Friday and Saturday
night it's open from 8:00 until - thank
you very much you're very welcome
oh what a night I have great time here
at groovy so you make sure you come and
check it out for yourself and I will let
Ally show you the next place